# Wallabag [Wed, 30 Apr 2025]
##### calibre

## My lightweight travel guide
### Page 7 @ 09 May 2025
*Muji is reliable for organic cotton basics.*
### Page 9 @ 09 May 2025
*It’s also a fact you receive better service in airports in a suit. Suits are the ultimate choice for autists, going for pajamas and hoodies is the negative-optimization autism equivalent to settling for microwave pizza rolls instead of bodybuilder-grade power diets. Optimization that singularly focuses on saving time or space without concern for long-term efficiency (in good health, social capital, etc.) is high time-preference*
### Page 9 @ 09 May 2025
*The secret sauce of onebag “light travel” is just getting your laundry done; this is the magic that allows them to extend 3 days worth of clothes into infinity. You can just pay a hotel to this for you, but if you’re low budget, it’s easy:
Clothesline (e.g. Paracord or Bungee clothesline)
Drybag, 5-10L (e.g. Sea to Summit Dry Sack)
Soap (you can use hotel hand soap, but I pack Dr. Bronner’s Castile Soap in travel size for various uses⁷)
Steps: Dump the clothes in the drybag with the soap and water, shake it, let it sit, rinse twice, hang to dry.*
### Page 10 @ 09 May 2025
*The other big secret of light travel is packing cubes and folding methods. Packing cubes are simple, Muji’s are the best (they also make reliable suitcases and toiletry bags), but anything on Amazon works.*
### Page 21 @ 09 May 2025
*on the category of autism-consumer rabbitholes, despite their prevalence resulting in not just communities, but entire markets being built around them—mechanical keyboards, audiophile sound systems, etc. Much male attention is lost down these pathways, scratching an itch for information-elevated consumerism in the internet extension of historical magazine-derived gear fetishism. They must be understood as childish, simplified toy technology, complexity retained within bounded consumer simulations that don’t reach serious depth beyond the confines of a subreddit or BBS. Industry is the ultimate autism rabbit hole. Try an industrial deepdive for a change, take a good, long hard look into trucking. Or silicon chips. Or energy production*
## Reality after the Wired
### Page 24 @ 09 May 2025
*The consilience approach relies on a concordance of evidence to find reliable truth necessary when individual data points cannot be verified in isolation, but their validity can be made more certain by the number of confirming points. Conspiracy research, hinged on the principle that evidence is being covered up, follows this mode—“proving” a fire by identifying many points of smoke until it appears more likely to be true than not true. Note that degrees of “likely” is best truth we can receive in this mode, never certainty.*
## Dynasty Mindset
### Page 26 @ 09 May 2025
*Habits are like a river bed that guides the direction of fate as it flows through an individual. It doesn't nudge in any direction, except deeper, and deeper.*
### Page 26 @ 09 May 2025
*This is how you can be sure of anyone's future, you simply extrapolate the consequences of their current habits, lifestyle and conditions*
### Page 27 @ 09 May 2025
*People are often asked where they see themselves in 5 years, but that gets you an answer on where they would like to be, not where they're going. It's better framed:
"If you continue to live as you live today, where will it place you in 5 years?"*
### Page 28 @ 09 May 2025
*You can extrapolate anyone's future trajectory from their current conditions, all the way up until their inflection points.*
### Page 31 @ 09 May 2025
*People barely think in a five-year perspective, now face them to twenty. The answer, for anyone well adjusted, is a spouse and children. But what spouse? What children? It's not an unknown, and it's not random: your children are a product of the spouse you select, and the spouse you select is a product of your actions and choices today*
### Page 32 @ 09 May 2025
*If you continue to live as you do today, what spouse will you have? What house will you give them? What grade of descendant will you produce?
What spouse will your children obtain, and what would their children be like, in one hundred years?
"If you continue to live as you do today, where will your dynasty be in one thousand years?"
You need to be thinking in these terms. You need to be thinking of dynasty.*
### Page 32 @ 09 May 2025
*The basis of nature is reproduction, but dynasty is reproduction extrapolated. Dynasty is life after death*
### Page 37 @ 09 May 2025
*They’re mired in a world of distracted confusion, incapable of answering for themselves. Their trajectory is purely stagnant and when they hit the wall of fate's inflection point, you can already know that their descendants will be hurled cliffside over into the abyss*
### Page 42 @ 09 May 2025
*Beautiful wife, three years of happiness. Good cook, thirty years of happiness. Wise Wife, Three Generations of Happiness.*
## Network Spirituality, Collected Commentaries
### Page 52 @ 09 May 2025
*Remilia didn’t invent network spirituality & it’s descriptive not prescriptive. Transcendental posting, performative identity & post-authorship are a distinct archetype of engagement you’ll find power users independently arrive on in any of the deep wells of internet culture. The reason its hard to concretely define terms like schizo-autist posting and network spirituality is because they were grown from the soil of the Wired, the only thing Remilia did was water the soil. The best definition is whatever vibes contextually.*
## Network Spirituality As The Noosphere's Catalyst
### Page 58 @ 09 May 2025
*In a physical or non-anon social media debate or discussion of any kind, there is always an involvement of the ego, a worry to carry oneself properly and not be made a fool, to pay attention to social norms and non-verbal cues of others. Online communication that is rapid and anonymous eliminates these frictions and often lets the poster enter a trance, a hyperimmersive dopaminergic state that we would stereotypically associate with VR or neural interfaces, as if an immediate channel between mind and network has been established. In this “digital ego death ritual”, consciousness dissolves into cyberspatial collective intelligence, and the discovery of high extropy mental states is accelerated.*
### Page 63 @ 09 May 2025
*The philosophy of network spirituality is tightly enmeshed in Milady, with concepts such as post-authorship and lucid trance posting being central tenets of the community, a result of this being the infamy the community has accrued for its eccentricity among normie crypto twitter types. Users attracted by this premise are further collectivized through NFT digital tribalism mechanics, and the impression of a swarm invasion is sensed on every mass activity started by Miladies. Collectivism of this scale on the otherwise hyper-individualistic social media websites is an innovative experiment and provides us with novel insights about the human psyche.*
### Page 64 @ 09 May 2025
*Eccentricity, merciless gatekeeping to outsiders and anarchic non-comformity for false normieism are the defining traits Milady inherits from Miya and imageboard culture, and are sharply contrasted with a recent development in the attitude department, that of unrestrained positivity. The early imageboard attitude of irony-poisoned destruction is replaced by optimistic construction.*

_Generated at: 2025-05-09